Readme.md, before:

# 🙏 Theme-init for Wordpress theme development

***

## 📄 Installation

- Clone (or download) this repository
- Copy `gulpconfig.json.default` to `gulpconfig.json`
- Edit `gulpconfig.json` to match your development proxy-url and if you 
  would like to see the BrowserSync overlay
- Edit `bower.json` and `package.json` (project name, your details, etc) if 
  you like to change it
- Run `yarn install` to download and install all packages
- If everything went fine see *Gulp tasks* below
- Develop your theme, install more yarn/npm or bower packages
- Be happy and contribute if you like 😍 


## 🔨 Gulp tasks

There are three gulp tasks you can run:

- `gulp`
This will start browsersync, compiles Post-CSS, transpiles the JavaScript and 
will then watch for changes in the */src* directory and reload browsersync.

- `gulp clean`
This will clean your build folder if something went wrong after a build or if 
you just wanted to test a build and keep it from your git.

- `gulp build`
This will copy everything from */src* to */build*, compiles Post-CSS, transpiles 
JavaScript, minify both CSS and JS, concatenate everything, minimises your images, 
bumps the version number etc. This is the folder you want to use in production!
Afterwards you can deploy/copy/upload the */build* folder or add it to your git 
tracking if you like. 


## 💬 Legal

- Author: Henning Stein <stein@atomtigerzoo.com>
- License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/

Commit message:

removes Google Fonts and creates notice in readme for alternative

Readme.md, after:

# 🙏 Theme-init for Wordpress theme development

***

## 📄 Installation

- Clone (or download) this repository
- Copy `gulpconfig.json.default` to `gulpconfig.json`
- Edit `gulpconfig.json` to match your development proxy-url and if you 
  would like to see the BrowserSync overlay
- Edit `bower.json` and `package.json` (project name, your details, etc) if 
  you like to change it
- Run `yarn install` to download and install all packages
- If everything went fine see *Gulp tasks* below
- Develop your theme, install more yarn/npm or bower packages
- Be happy and contribute if you like 😍 


## Webfonts

For privacy reasons please use selfhosted webfonts instead of Google Fonts or
other third-party vendors that often include trackers. An efficient and nice 
way to choose and include fonts found on Google Fonts is the following site:
https://google-webfonts-helper.herokuapp.com/fonts


## 🔨 Gulp tasks

There are three gulp tasks you can run:

- `gulp`
This will start browsersync, compiles Post-CSS, transpiles the JavaScript and 
will then watch for changes in the */src* directory and reload browsersync.

- `gulp clean`
This will clean your build folder if something went wrong after a build or if 
you just wanted to test a build and keep it from your git.

- `gulp build`
This will copy everything from */src* to */build*, compiles Post-CSS, transpiles 
JavaScript, minify both CSS and JS, concatenate everything, minimises your images, 
bumps the version number etc. This is the folder you want to use in production!
Afterwards you can deploy/copy/upload the */build* folder or add it to your git 
tracking if you like. 


## 💬 Legal

- Author: Henning Stein <stein@atomtigerzoo.com>
- License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
